Add Thoth to Showcase (#610)
FluidInference/FluidAudio: README.md

  <a href="https://snaply.ai"><img src="Documentation/assets/snaply.png" height="40" alt="Snaply"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/yazinsai/OpenOats"><img src="Documentation/assets/openoats.png" height="40" alt="OpenOats"></a>
  <a href="https://talat.app"><img src="Documentation/assets/talat.png" height="40" alt="Talat"></a>

>   <a href="https://thoth-app.com"><img src="Documentation/assets/thoth.png" height="40" alt="Thoth"></a>
> <!-- Add your app: submit logo via PR. The Fluid Inference team works to curate this and add new apps to the showcase section every couple of weeks. We appreciate your patience. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <a href="https://talat.app"><img src="Documentation/assets/talat.png" height="40" alt="Talat"></a>
<!-- Add your app: submit logo via PR. The Fluid Inference team works to curate this and add new apps to the showcase section every couple of weeks. We appreciate your patience. -->
```

thanks for the contribution and the logo!

Author: Thanks for the merge!
will Thoth be eventually added to the featured grid or was there something missing from me ?

Reviewer: We try to keep the showcase section at the top shorter. For apps that have l supported us along the way or contributed meaningfully to the open source community

Author: Hi @BrandonWeng , I just had PR #630 merged, a fix for English drift on French recordings via a token blocklist on TdtDecoderV3. Diagnosed the problem while building Thoth, benchmarked it across six recordings. I did not do the fix to get to the featured grid, I am French and Thoth has several French users, so this was a real problem I needed to solve. May I ask again to add Thoth to the featured grid?
